CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to Slither
First, thanks for your interest in contributing to Slither! We welcome and appreciate all contributions, including bug reports, feature suggestions, tutorials/blog posts, and code improvements.

If you're unsure where to start, we recommend our [`good first issue`](https://github.com/crytic/slither/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22) and [`help wanted`](https://github.com/crytic/slither/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22help+wanted%22) issue labels.

## Bug reports and feature suggestions
Bug reports and feature suggestions can be submitted to our issue tracker. For bug reports, attaching the contract that caused the bug will help us in debugging and resolving the issue quickly. If you find a security vulnerability, do not open an issue; email opensource@trailofbits.com instead.

## Questions
Questions can be submitted to the issue tracker, but you may get a faster response if you ask in our [chat room](https://empireslacking.herokuapp.com/) (in the #ethereum channel).

## Code
Slither uses the pull request contribution model. Please make an account on Github, fork this repo, and submit code contributions via pull request. For more documentation, look [here](https://guides.github.com/activities/forking/).

Some pull request guidelines:

- Work from the [`dev`](https://github.com/crytic/slither/tree/dev) branch. We performed extensive tests prior to merging anything to `master`, working from `dev` will allow us to merge your work faster.
- Minimize irrelevant changes (formatting, whitespace, etc) to code that would otherwise not be touched by this patch. Save formatting or style corrections for a separate pull request that does not make any semantic changes.
- When possible, large changes should be split up into smaller focused pull requests.
- Fill out the pull request description with a summary of what your patch does, key changes that have been made, and any further points of discussion, if applicable.
- Title your pull request with a brief description of what it's changing. "Fixes #123" is a good comment to add to the description, but makes for an unclear title on its own.

## Development Environment
Instructions for installing a development version of Slither can be found in our [wiki](https://github.com/crytic/slither/wiki/Developer-installation).

## Detectors regression tests

For each new detector, at least one regression tests must be present.
To generate the following scripts, you must have [`solc-select`](https://github.com/crytic/solc-select) installed.

- Create a test in `tests`
- Update `script/ci_test_detectors_[solc_version].sh`, and add `generate_expected_json tests/YOUR_FILENAME.sol "DETECTOR_NAME"`. Be sure that all the other lines are commented (otherwise you will regenerate the tests for all the detectores)
- Run `./script/ci_test_detectors_[solc_version].sh`. This will generate the json artifacts in `tests/expected_json`. Add the generated files to git.
- Update `scripts/ci_test_detectors_[solc_version].sh` with your new tests.
- Run `scripts/ci_test_detectors_[solc_version].sh` and check that everything worked.

Commit message:

Add pylint and black commands to CONTRIBUTING.md

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to Slither
First, thanks for your interest in contributing to Slither! We welcome and appreciate all contributions, including bug reports, feature suggestions, tutorials/blog posts, and code improvements.

If you're unsure where to start, we recommend our [`good first issue`](https://github.com/crytic/slither/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22) and [`help wanted`](https://github.com/crytic/slither/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22help+wanted%22) issue labels.

## Bug reports and feature suggestions
Bug reports and feature suggestions can be submitted to our issue tracker. For bug reports, attaching the contract that caused the bug will help us in debugging and resolving the issue quickly. If you find a security vulnerability, do not open an issue; email opensource@trailofbits.com instead.

## Questions
Questions can be submitted to the issue tracker, but you may get a faster response if you ask in our [chat room](https://empireslacking.herokuapp.com/) (in the #ethereum channel).

## Code
Slither uses the pull request contribution model. Please make an account on Github, fork this repo, and submit code contributions via pull request. For more documentation, look [here](https://guides.github.com/activities/forking/).

Some pull request guidelines:

- Work from the [`dev`](https://github.com/crytic/slither/tree/dev) branch. We performed extensive tests prior to merging anything to `master`, working from `dev` will allow us to merge your work faster.
- Minimize irrelevant changes (formatting, whitespace, etc) to code that would otherwise not be touched by this patch. Save formatting or style corrections for a separate pull request that does not make any semantic changes.
- When possible, large changes should be split up into smaller focused pull requests.
- Fill out the pull request description with a summary of what your patch does, key changes that have been made, and any further points of discussion, if applicable.
- Title your pull request with a brief description of what it's changing. "Fixes #123" is a good comment to add to the description, but makes for an unclear title on its own.

## Development Environment
Instructions for installing a development version of Slither can be found in our [wiki](https://github.com/crytic/slither/wiki/Developer-installation).

## Linters

Several linters and security checkers are run on the PRs.

To run them locally:

- `pylint slither --rconfig pyproject.toml`
- `black slither --config pyproject.toml`

## Detectors regression tests

For each new detector, at least one regression tests must be present.
To generate the following scripts, you must have [`solc-select`](https://github.com/crytic/solc-select) installed.

- Create a test in `tests`
- Update `script/ci_test_detectors_[solc_version].sh`, and add `generate_expected_json tests/YOUR_FILENAME.sol "DETECTOR_NAME"`. Be sure that all the other lines are commented (otherwise you will regenerate the tests for all the detectores)
- Run `./script/ci_test_detectors_[solc_version].sh`. This will generate the json artifacts in `tests/expected_json`. Add the generated files to git.
- Update `scripts/ci_test_detectors_[solc_version].sh` with your new tests.
- Run `scripts/ci_test_detectors_[solc_version].sh` and check that everything worked.
